DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We just might have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
RAZENOID: I can already taste the tears of those
that we're about to destroy!
MAG MEL: Nothing will compare to what comes next.
MAG MEL: The complete and utter destruction of Earth!
MAG MEL: But first, before I put an end...
to the miserable existence of every last human,
I will show them fear like they have never known.
MAG MEL: They will live just like you and I were forced to!
MAG MEL: In a dark and backward twisted dimension.
Their final moments will be spent begging for mercy.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Dark Moon
ALL: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] Huh?
NOAH: Where are all the people?
ROBIN: It's like they've just vanished!
MAG MEL: [evil laughter] Let's just say I had to...
clear the field, in order to focus on our final battle.
SHUN: I don't like the sound of this at all.
DAN: Where did everybody go?
MAG MEL: Once again, you're focusing...
on the wrong thing, Kuso.
MAG MEL: But since you asked, I sent them all...
away to the dark reverse dimension of this world.
MAG MEL: [evil laughter]
MARUCHO: Those poor people. It's awful!
NOAH: Oh man! [gasp]
DAN: Let the others go, Mag Mel!
Your beef's with us, not them! You understand?
MAG MEL: I admire your fire, Kuso,
but your naive idealism is so pathetic.
DAN: This sounds bad.
MAG MEL: That's enough talking for now, boy.
MAG MEL: Behold!
MAG MEL: I've dispatched five of my deadliest Dreadeon Titans
to the five largest cities across...
your pathetic excuse for a planet.
Good luck trying to stop them in time!
BEN: They're all over the place!
JACK: It's like the end of the world tour.
[electric drilling buzz]
PAIGE: What the heck is it doing?
RAFE: That looks to me like...
a super high-intensity laser drill.
RAFE: If they all drill to the Earth's core...
PAIGE: the release of pressure will blow the Earth to pieces!
MARUCHO: Paige is right. If we don't stop those things...
the Earth is doomed.
DAN: Huh?
MAG MEL: The Earth is merely the lynch pin...
in my larger plan for universal wide destruction.
Too bad you won't be around to see the end.
DAN: What the heck are you talking about now?
MAG MEL: Others must suffer for the part they played...
in the treachery that befell me.
MAG MEL: The force caused by the Earth's destruction...
will ripple across dimensions,
toppling each world it passes over.
And no species shall be spared.
PAIGE: Gundalia's next!
RAFE: Then Neathia and Vestal! We have to stop him!
MAG MEL: [snickers turning into maniacal laughter]
PAIGE: You're not going to banish my people...
to some dark dimension!
BEN: We're gonna have to take down those Titans first.
CHRIS: But they're in five different places!
PAIGE: So then we split up.
What's the problem with that, huh?
DAN: It's our only play. We can sit here...
and debate the risks but at the end of the day...
it's the best shot we have to save Earth and the Universe.
DAN: So let's quit talking and start brawling.
What do you say, fellas?
ALL: Right on!
[huge energy crackle]
DAN: Then are you ready to take 'em all down, huh Drago?
DRAGO: Like you wouldn't believe!
BAKUMETER: Ready, Rapilator!
DAN: Mobile Assault Vehicle, Launch!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Titanium Tarres!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Heavy Weight, Metal Blaster!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaaa!
TAYLEAN: Huuuuuah!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
[huge energy crackle]
[computer beeps and trills]
TAYLEAN: Uh-oh.
CHRIS: Ability activate, Land Sonic!
SOON: Ability activate, Starring Arrow!
[laser blasts]
CHRIS: Let us take the lead, boss!
SOON: Please don't worry.
SHUN: Okay, Good luck. You good?
TAYLEAN: Always!
JACK: [laughter] They're like roaches!
ROBIN: If only we had some Mechtogan!
ALL: Whoa!
BEN: Hey! Are you crazy kid?
NOAH: Gee, Ben. How 'bout a thank-you?
TRISTAR: Hey wicked reflexes, Noah!
MARUCHO: Now it's our turn, Tristar!
Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Metal Brow!
TRISTAR: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaah!
JACK: Oh yeah! Nice one!
ROBIN: We better get a move on!
BEN: You heard him! Let's go!
RAFE: BakuNano Spear Aegis!
PAIGE: BakuNano Slingpike!
RAFE and PAIGE: Destrooooooy!
PAIGE: Huh, I'm about to lose my cool!
RAFE: Easy, a hot head makes for poor battling.
PAIGE: You Castle Knights have your way of doing things,
and we Gundalians have ours.
So since we're fighting to protect each of our homes,
how 'bout we stick to our own skills?
RAFE: Mmm-hmm.
DRAGO: Go! Zenthon Titan!
ZENTHON TITAN: Back to your dark hole!
DAN: Okay Drago! Zenthon!
Ability activate!
DAN: Wonder Superior!
ZENTHON: Ready Master!
DAN: Wicked!
SOON: Area A is now secure!
CHRIS: Well I guess we better catch up then.
SHUN: Listen up Taylean and Silent Strike!
Time to bring out our Titan!
TAYLEAN: You got it!
SILENT STRIKE: As you wish, Master Shun!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
TAYLEAN: Come Titan!
SHUN: Right now!
[computer beeps and trills]
SILENT STRIKE TITAN: The winds of battle are stirring,
and upon them I have heard my Master's call.
SHUN: Ready to strike?
TAYLEAN: Just say the word!
SILENT STRIKE: We will destroy all who oppose us!
SHUN: Let's go!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Truth Core, Supreme King Slash!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaaah!
CHRIS: Awesome!
SHUN: Well played, Taylean!
TAYLEAN: Thank-you.
MAG MEL: The Dreadeon Titans have been defeated.
I wasn't expecting such a result so early but no matter.
RAZENOID: The Brawlers will still fall!
RAZENOID: [evil chuckle]
BEN: Bah! We've barely made a dent!
JACK: [chuckle] Keep fighting!
MAG MEL: Humans are a weak and pathetic species.
If we continue the barrage of Chaos Bakugan attacks,
sooner or later they will break. And we will crush them!
RAZENOID: How long will you last, Drago!
DAN: Hold on! We can do this, pal!
DRAGO and DAN: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
RAFE: They're totally surrounded out there!
PAIGE: Tell them to start swinging!
SPECTRA: Okay, Gus! You know what to do!
GUS: Absolutely Master Spectra!
SPECTRA: Um, Gus...
GUS: On it!
GUS: Sir it appears that our enemy...
is using a very strong shield.
HELIOS: Don't worry! He will crumble like tissue paper.
HELIOS: Rangrok Buster!
HELIOS: Didn't I tell you the big ones...
always fall the hardest!
SPECTRA: On to the next one!
PAIGE: Whoa! That is one bad dude!
DAN: Spectra!
DRAGO: That was quite the surprise,
but we should get our heads back into this battle.
DAN: Yup!
DAN: Let's go, Zenthon!
TRISTAR: Nice one!
MARUCHO: Now all that's left is Area B!
[huge energy crackle]
[multiple roars]
DAN: We can't let Mag Mel blow the Earth...
to smithereens, Drago!
MARUCHO: Let's keep our focus, guys! We can win this!
SOON: Three of them?
CHRIS: This is impossible!
SPECTRA: Let's use Mutate Morph.
SHUN: That might work.
SPECTRA: Morphing three Bakugan together is the only way.
DAN: Okay. Let's do this. Come on, Drago!
DRAGO: You bet!
Haaaaaaaaaah!
TAYLEAN: Well this is interesting!
HELIOS: How am I supposed to fight with these stick legs?
DRAGO: Knock it off Helios!
We've all got the best parts each other!
DRAGO: So let's do this!
HELIOS: Right!
HELIOS: Too slow! Werfer plus Slash Hyper Sword Storm!
Hmmmmph!
Haaaaaah!
HELIOS: This way, guys!
TAYLEAN: Kazami-style, Slash Tornado plus...
Dragon Force Striker!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Dragon Maximum Striker plus Rangrok Buster!
[electric drill buzzing]
DAN: Drago! We have to stop that guy!
DRAGO: You got it! Taylean I need to borrow your powers.
TAYLEAN: No problem!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Revolutional plus Slash Rise Thunder!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
[electric drill buzzing]
MAG MEL: [evil chuckle]
DAN: Mag Mel!
[huge energy crackle]
[multiple roars]
[heavy ground impacts]
NOAH: Are you serious? How can there be even more Titans?
[explosion]
RAZENOID: At last we meet again!
[evil chuckle]
DRAGO: Razenoid!
DAN: Bring it, Mag Mel!
MAG MEL: Hmmmph!
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: Can't you fight fair, for just this once?
RAZENOID: Quit your crying, will you?
RAZENOID: Cassandra!
MARUCHO: Oh man!
RAZENOID: How pathetic! Helua Moot!
ROBIN: He took out all the Mechtogan...
JACK: ...with just one shot!
SHUN: Taylean! Let's call on Silent Strike!
RAZENOID: Not so fast! I'm not finished!
Haaaaaah!
TAYLEAN: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
SHUN: Taylean!
HELIOS: Okay you swine! I've had enough of this!
HELIOS: Rangrok Buster!
RAZENOID: Hmmmmph!
HELIOS: Now I'm really angry.
RAZENOID: Helua Moot!
HELIOS: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
GUS: Unbelievable! He took down Helios!
Maybe he's too powerful!
SPECTRA: Gus, it's time to take out the system.
GUS: But are you sure, Master? We haven't even tested it yet.
SPECTRA: Don't worry about it.
Helios can definitely handle it.
GUS: Okay, sir. Stand by, please.
BAKUMETER: Ready Doomtronic!
[computer beeps and trills]
SPECTRA: Helios! Hold nothing back!
HELIOS: I never do!
HELIOS: I'm going to bury you!
Haaaaaaaah!
RAZENOID: Hmmmph!
SPECTRA: Shun, try this out.
GUS: Transmitting Blasterate!
SHUN: You're sending me a new Baku-suit?
BAKUMETER: Ready Blasterate!
[computer beeps and trills]
SHUN: Let's go, Taylean!
TAYLEAN: Ready when you are!
RAZENOID: [grunt, exertion reax]
RAZENOID: What?
HELIOS: Open wiiiiiiide!
RAZENOID: Nooooooooooooo!
DRAGO: He did it!
DAN: That was totally fierce, buddy!
RAZENOID: Is that all you've got? Hmmph!
HELIOS and TAYLEAN: Whoooooa!
HELIOS and TAYLEAN: Ooooomph!
RAZENOID: [evil laughter]
TAYLEAN: He hasn't got a scratch on him!
HELIOS: How is that even possible?
RAZENOID: Do you two ever stop talking?
Haaaaaaah!
ALL: Whoooooaaaa!
DAN: We're in trouble!
DRAGO: I don't understand why none of those attacks...
did any damage.
MAG MEL: Now that Razenoid and I have been reborn...
our powers are limitless. We'll use our connection...
to the dark dimension to rain terror upon all.
DAN: Not gonna happen!
RAZENOID: No more talk! Time to disappear!
ALL: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: Fight me instead, Razenoid!
DAN: Yeah, that's right!
We're the ones you want so come and get it!
Unless you're too scared!
RAZENOID: Do you think you can bait me that easily?
Haaaaaah!
DAN: Stop iiiiiittttt!
Leave them aloooooone!
ALL: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MAG MEL: Tell me Kuso, how does it feel to have your friends,
your home, your very future ripped apart?
Does it make you feel small?
MAG MEL: Does it fill you with sadness and pain?
Or are you overflowing with rage?
DAN: Stoooooooooop!
MARUCHO: The gate and key... [gasp]
Hey Tristar are you there?
TRISTAR: Barely, but yeah.
MARUCHO: Okay, listen up...
TRISTAR: I hear you.
SPECTRA: That could work.
HELIOS: Sounds like Marucho is hatching a plan.
You thinking what I'm thinking?
TAYLEAN: Ya. Let's keep them busy.
RAZENOID: What are you two whispering about, huh?
HELIOS: Haaaaaaaah!
RAZENOID: Haven't you learned your lesson yet?
RAZENOID: Hmmmmmph!
TAYLEAN and HELIOS: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaaaaah!
RAZENOID: What?
TRISTAR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: Tristar! Let go!
TRISTAR: [groan] I have a message...
from Marucho about the gate and key.
RAZENOID: Haaaaaaaah!
TRISTAR: Aaaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: Tristar!
TRISTAR: Ooooomph!
MARUCHO: No, Tristar!
DAN: The gate and the key, huh of course!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
MARUCHO: Mag Mel and Razenoid are drawing their power...
from the dark moon, which they opened with the gate and key,
then Dan and Drago should be able to close it because
the gate and key once belonged to them.
All they have to do is concentrate...
so they can reconnect with it.
RAZENOID: What's happening?
MAG MEL: Quickly! Go!
MARUCHO: I'm so sorry, Tristar.
MARUCHO: I never meant for this to happen to you.
TRISTAR: Why all the long faces, guys?
ALL: [gasp]
TRISTAR: You didn't actually think I was gonna...
go down that easily, did ya?
MARUCHO: Tristar!
SPECTRA: Now that the portal is completely closed...
Mag Mel can't send any more reinforcements.
Which means...
It's up to Dan and Drago to finish this.
MAG MEL: You just made the biggest mistake...
of your life, boy!
DAN: I think you've got things backwards, Mag Mel!
DAN: Now that Mag Mel and Razenoid are finally whole
again, they're a bigger threat than ever!
After we stopped them from destroying the Earth
with a team of Titans Drago and I followed them back
to the dark dimension they originally escaped from.
The only way the universe will be free of the threat
they pose, is if we take them down for good!
Of course that's easier said than done
and there's still the matter of cleaning up
all the Chaos Bakugan left on Earth.
You've got to tune in to see what I mean!
Mag Mel might think he and Razenoid have the upper hand
now that they have the gate and the key,
but Drago and I are still the baddest Brawlers around.
\u266a [MUSIC]